feat: Change manufacturer link to LongTextField and make translatable (#13542)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

new DomainRuleStruct($parsed, '/en');
```

## Removal of product manufacturer link column

> 
> The column `product_manufacturer`.`link` was migrated to `product_manufacturer_translation.link` and then removed.
> 
> If you're using `manufacturer.link`, please use `manufacturer.translated.link` instead.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removal of product manufacturer link column

The column `link` of the table `product_manufacturer` was removed.

Instead of using the `link` property of the `manufacturer` entity directly, the property `manufacturer.translated.link` should be used.

```
